only 8% of smart people can successfully
pass this test what does it take to be a
genius a mind bright enough to light a
dark Street and keen attentiveness to
details the good news is you can
exercise both of them here is your
chance bright side has 16 pairs of
pictures which look absolutely identical
to most people in the world but in fact
they have little differences a sharp eye
can spot test yourself and give your
brain and eyes some good exercise if you
manage to find all the differences you
can proudly call yourself a unique
person number 16 The Birth of Venus it
is hard to find a person who has never
ever seen this super famous painting by
Sandro Botticelli but it is much easier
to find a person who will not be able to
see the three differences from the
original and it's slightly edited
version will you be that person or will
you manage to do it let's see you have
30 seconds remember when it comes to art
even a little brushstroke can make the
true artist stand out pay attention to
every small detail
you have ten seconds left your time is
up
now let us see what the difference is
between the masterpiece and its remake
are first of all the wind god Zephyr yes
that guy at the left is missing one
finger in the second painting as for the
beautifully descending flowers there is
an extra one in the replica finally we
see three rush heads they're not too as
in the original was it hard well it was
just the beginning
number 15 the Eiffel Tower we have seen
one of the most famous paintings in the
world now it is time for a landmark
which is not any less famous you will
have 30 seconds to find for differences
in two pictures of the Eiffel Tower your
time starts now
Paris the city of love fashion and
lights okay don't get distracted stay
focused
you have ten seconds to spot all the
differences you can do it ready to see
the answer oh you got it all and you
don't need it don't worry here it is
let's single out the differences first
of all the horse statue switched places
in the second picture that stranger in
the night in the bottom left corner is
missing his company and there is an
extra street lamp in that endless line
of light at the left number 14
Beauty and the Beast did you like Emma
Watson and Beauty and the Beast in any
case you will get to take the second
look at her performance even if it's a
still image you have three differences
to find and 30 seconds for the task
tale as old as time true as it can be
hope this tune helps you spot the
differences five-four-three-two-one
time is up now let us see how these two
pictures are different Bell has
magically got her nails done in the
second picture and her hair also looks
different even if it's just one lock the
third difference is the wall decoration
to the right yes every detail counts in
this quest did you spot them all click
like if you have to let us know number
merry-go-round when was the last time
you took a ride on a merry-go-round a
long time ago and you are most
definitely busy enjoying the ride so you
did not play close attention to its
design well here is your chance to do so
you've got 30 seconds to spot three
differences in these two pictures and
they start right now
half of the time is gone if you are
still looking for the differences and
can't find them
don't panic the horses are of course the
center of this composition but there can
be unexpected details anywhere time is
up
okay now let us see what looks different
in the second picture the decoration in
the top right corner sure does as well
as the saddle which somehow changed its
color and all those circles under the
horse one of them clearly moved a bit
and got smaller number 12 at the beach
these pictures look too dreamy we all
love a good vacation by the seaside if
you don't get to experience it right now
at least you get to take a good look at
it three differences are hidden
somewhere in this lovely landscape find
them all try to stay focused on the
picture no matter how much you want to
be in it right now you've got ten
seconds left
are you ready to name the differences
well we are there is an extra mountain
in the background of the second picture
but it's missing the man in red swimwear
hope he's all right and a poster on the
rock does not belong there anyway so
it's all good number 11 sunlit cabin
there can be so much beauty and so many
secrets even in the most ordinary places
like this little sunlit cabin let us see
if you can spot three things which look
different in the second picture as usual
you've got 30 seconds for the task don't
let all those bright colors trick your
mind sometimes one move is enough to
change it all
almost there you only have ten more
seconds
time to reveal the secrets the
flowerpots changed places in the second
picture two differences for the two of
them and that little white dove we see
in the first picture probably got wings
and flew away since we don't see him in
the second picture number 10 colorful
architecture this building does not
exactly look like a regular downtown
construction does it it is so packed
with details most people find it hard to
single out two differences in its two
depictions will you manage to do it just
try it how do you feel about graffiti it
might be of help in this case
20 seconds past which means it's time to
wrap it up now was it any easier to find
two differences not three not
necessarily so the second picture is
missing one blue sparkling graffiti
element and a part of the ornament on
the right did you get it
number nine camels we bet these are two
of the most colorful camels you have
ever seen and they have two secrets only
a sharp eye will reveal that good be you
you're thirty seconds for the task we'll
start right away you are halfway through
your time don't panic there is still a
chance to spot the differences if you
still have it
you paid close attention to everything
the camels have to offer you must have
found that the flower on the camels neck
and the second picture looks different
as well as that ornament and it's well
rear part number eight
snap boom bam another graphic image for
your attention and here everything
matters every brush stroke every little
object every word spot or differences in
these images and half a minute go ten
seconds to go remember what we told you
about every detail that matters time is
up so did you see the two yellow stars
changing places and that white one at
the right disappear and that little
white mine bubble turning red then you
got them all number seven
free nature provides us with natural
sources of vitamins and in this case a
test for our minds can you find three
differences here your time starts now
you are halfway through remember it
always seems impossible until it's done
time is up
did you see what's wrong with those
papayas bananas and the like then share
it in the comments yep we're not going
to explain this one and we'll give you
an extra chance to get it yourself
number six Tigers those wild cats look
like they're hiding something it's three
differences for sure find them to make
the Tigers happy your 30 seconds for the
task start now
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 and the time is up
looks like one Tiger got an extra stripe
and the other lost some of his in the
second picture Plus that stone in the
back clearly was not there from the
start
number 5 parrots if you manage to get
the secret of the Tigers parents would
be way easier to handle we're not
necessarily these two pictures might
look identical but they are hiding three
differences waiting to be found
half a minute and a good deal of focus
will help you with that read between the
lines look beyond what is in the center
still have 15 seconds for that
ready to see the explanation the second
picture got two extra dots on both sides
of it a red one on the left and a green
one on the right plus an extra shadow on
the wood right under the red parrot
number four smiling ladies these
beauties will smile even brighter if you
manage to find three differences between
the two pictures of them 30 seconds are
about to start so get ready looks tricky
right here is a hint ladies like details
and pay a great deal of attention to
their style ten seconds to go
and the time is up
the three differences really exist even
if they are so hard to find the flowers
decorating the lady's heads went through
a transformation in the second picture
both of them plus that black strap looks
different doesn't it we made it to our
top three tasks are you ready for the
challenge
eyes on the prize go number three cats
here is a cat lady starter kit for cats
are in one place waiting for you to spot
three differences between the two
pictures of them go four cats three
differences it means everything is just
the same for at least one kitty ten nine
eight seven six five four three two one
time is up so the light brown cat got
eyebrows and an extra whisker in the
second picture and the red cat got an
extra stripe on its tail number two the
knob we are not sure what's going on in
these pictures but we are positive they
are hiding for differences Ready Steady
Go find them
the clock is ticking but you still have
15 seconds the girl was the only one to
undergo in the second picture or more
precisely her costume her earring looks
different as well as her bracelet and
her sleeve ornament changed its color
plus she lost some of her tassels
somewhere
number one the athlete this girl
definitely looks athletic and she's
caught the eye of the guy in the back he
would unlikely see any differences in
her look since he's enjoying the whole
picture but you can do it right just one
difference this time and the usual
thirty Seconds to find it
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one and you are done so can you name
the difference now it is all about the
earring yes the girl got an earring she
was not wearing in the first picture did
you manage to spot all the differences
in all pictures fact even if you did
find most of them
you deserve a standing ovation if you
found this quiz interesting and tricky
give the video a like share it with your
friends or found out who has a sharper
eye for details make sure to subscribe
to our channel to stay on the bright
side